These files were downloaded from the Energy Zones Mapping Tool, available at
http://ezmt.anl.gov. They are provided for download in the tool for your convenience, and
actively maintained, but most layers were gathered from publicly available sources. We
recommend reviewing the included metadata to determine the original source, and checking
with that source for newer data or more information.

Acknowledgement of the Energy Zones Mapping Tool in derivative works is appreciated. Some
creators of the original source data have additional citation requests or requirements
described in the metadata.

Disclaimer: This material was prepared as an account of work sponsored by the U.S.
Department of Energy under agreement US DOE DE-OE000316). Neither the U.S. Department of
Energy, the United States Government, nor any other agency thereof, nor the UChicago
Argonne, LLC or University of Chicago, nor any of their employees or officers, makes any
warranty, express or implied, or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the
accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product or process
disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights. Reference
herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark,
manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement,
recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or any agency thereof. The
views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those
of the U.S. Department of Energy, United States Government or any other agency thereof.

Acknowledgment: This material is, in part, based upon work supported by the Department of
Energy, National Energy Technology Laboratory under Award Number(s) DE-OE0000316 and
M610000590.

For more information please contact the Energy Zones Mapping Tool webmaster at
ezmt@anl.gov.
